---
layout: post
title:  "2do.net"
comments: true
---

*nonprofit project*

**rules** | public | open source | MIT

**Assumptions**
1. Ideas require people and resources to happen.
2. Nonprofit projects need support and attention.
3. People support causes they believe in.
4. Organizations and businesses are involved in charity. 
5. TBD 

# **Goal**
Promoting and supporting the organization of social impact ideas/projects. Delivering system for discussion, cooperation, and supplies.
* **website** - list of nonprofit projects to join; grants suggestions.
* **open-source P2P software** - organizing projects (choose where your data is stored - easily select or start a server)
* **foundation** - for supporting social impact projects; running 2do.net

### Requirements
* **nonprofit projects only**
* commission/fee free 
* maintained by volunteers 
* verification system 

## Plan

# Description

**2do.net**

**administration**

**development**



# Needs
1. Discussion - *what do you think about these ideas?*
2. Development
    * Analysis
    * Desing
    * Prototyping
    * Testing
    * Deployment 
3. Servers
4. Promotion
5. Starting a foundation
6. Maintenance

## Description
Share/join ideas to be developed. Support causes you to believe in and find people willing to help you.
Collaborate in open communities.

**finances:** Raisings by paypal. Specified cause and administrator required. You cannot collect funds for the whole projects: you must set up a specific raising for each need. Donations to authors allowed only by dedicated raisings.
* [for 2do.net servers]() *administrated by [Piotr Putyło]() (founder)*
* [for 2do.net foundation]() *administrated by [Piotr Putyło]() (founder)*
* [donations to administrators of 2do.net]() *administrated by [Piotr Putyło]() (founder)*

| **Join development on** | 
|------|
[GitHub]() | [Facebook]() | [Reddit]() | [Discord]()

**This project is free to join.** We especially invite programmers, dietitians, food scientists, physicians, and amateur or professional cooks.

**Learn more:**
* *coming soon*






### Partners:
NGOs; IT; Education; Business; Industry; Institutions; Governments.

### Key activities:
Creating communities around ideas and projects.
Discussion/collaboration on descriptions, ideas, projects, files, and sources.

### Key resources: 
* software
* content
* community
* Communities of volunteers;
* 2do.net website – database of projects;
* Open source software;
* Networks of servers;
* Foundation for administrating 2do.net and supplying projects.

### Value proposition:
* share ideas - discover, describe and develop with the support of people on the internet 
* contact directly with authors or join public communities 
* Discovering, verifying, discussing and promoting projects, ideas, problems, solutions, and files;
* Supporting communication with formulas and tutorials;
* Supplying projects and people with donations, resources, and suggestions for content (eg. grants).

### Rules: 
The author is responsible for generated (and published) content;
Portal relies on external verifications, links, servers;
2do.net operates worldwide fully publicly by networks of communities.

2do.net is a non-profit initiative for collaboration dedicated to supporting ideas by attracting people to them. The author describes and publishes project for people to comment, collaborate, and organize necessary resources. 2do.net is one of the projects being developed publicly on 2do.net.
